DOCS-1023 and DOCS-1027: Add control views to motor and encoder (#1678)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/components/test-control/motor-control.md

## Test the motor

> Once your motor is configured and connected, go to the **Control** tab and click on the motor's drop-down panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your motor is configured and connected, go to the [**Control** tab](/manage/fleet/robots/#control) and click on the motor's drop-down panel.
```

> Use the buttons to try turning your motor forwards or backwards at different power levels and check whether it is moving as expected.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the buttons to try turning your motor forwards or backwards at different power levels and check whether it moves as expected.
```
